Do you want to tell
anything about your father?
Like his name, his background,
what he does now?
My father's name is..
Sister, dad is calling.
Hi dad.
- Hello.
Let me talk
to Radhika. Hurry up.
Sister is a bit busy now.
Give her the phone!
Sister, dad wants to
talk to you. Looks like danger.
Talk to him.
- Excuse me.
Yes, dad.
- Radhika, promise me.
You will not tell your father's
name or your guru's name.
Dad.
Why do you say that?
Don't question me.
Just promise me.
Neither before the camera
nor behind the camera.
Neither on the
stage or off the stage.
You must never
utter my name. Understood?
Will you promise me?
Did you understand?
Okay. I got you.
But why do you say so?
I want you to
be seen by everyone.
'How can I tell you that
my past will spoil your future.'
'That isn't a support
but a burden.'
Radhika.. now..
Listen to me carefully.
I want Kathak
to be famous.
People have known me as
Kathak dancer and Kathak guru.
I should just
be known like that.
My name should not
supersede Kathak.
If that happens,
then it will be wrong.
Listen to me.
I don't want to be on the TV.
Dad..
'You will be doing
a contemporary dance'
'from the movie 'Kabir Singh'
for the song 'Bekhayali'.'
About my dance
they have asked me to..
Let me talk.
Give it to us too.
Hey..
- Please, ma'am.
I know that you
are carrying a huge burden
of aspirations, dreams,
expectations,
and responsibilities.
I know
that you'll easily
shoulder
these responsibilities.
You are the star that
was hidden behind clouds
but this one chance
has cleared all the clouds.
Now you will
shine and shine so well
that everyone
will be spellbound
because your
foundation is Kathak.
The strength of our art.
Remember that in face of
problems,
strength will help you.
You didn't tell me
the dance that you will be
performing.
Now, what will I tell dad?
Radhika, are you tense?
Are you afraid?
Listen to me.
Don't be afraid.
I am with you.
And if you feel
overwhelmed there,
then come back.
I am here
with you. I..
Dad, it is a surprise.
They haven't announced it yet.
Tara?
- Yes.
Sister is getting
interviewed so I took the phone
to talk to you.
Sister is busy right now
and the people from Dancer No. 1
have kept it has a surprise
and haven't announced yet.
Okay.. fine.
Tara, is Radhika fine?
Yes, dad.
She is absolutely fine.
And I am also here.
What about your studies?
Studies? That
is going on very well.
I am studying so much that
I'll be starting to revise soon.
Very good.
I will talk to you later.
Bye. See you.
Okay fine.
- See you.
What did you do Tara?
But I had to do something
for sister, for Kathak.
If sister does Kathak,
then she will win
and if sister wins,
then dad will be happy.
But sister
can't do contemporary dance.
O Lord Ganesh, usually you
grant me boons just for nothing.
Today, grant me
boons on my request.
If Ankit tells the truth,
then it will be our end.
You saved Mr. Ankit.
That was kind of you.
but do something
for her too.
Let sister do Kathak.
But what about
the western dance?
Please do something,
Lord Ganesha.
Hello Sir. We have come
to take you to the grand finale.
Don't worry.
I talked to the doctor
and he has given the permission
Moreover,
RT sir also wants the same.
You have been with us
for the last 6 seasons
so how can we
start without you?
What..
Where's the Mane family?
Why didn't they come yet?
'Tara, come in.'
Who is that?
'Tara, Parag here. Come in.'
Oh!
H-Hello..
Y-Yes.. Coming..
But where should I come?
'Backstage.'
Y-Yes..
Do you have the lip balm?
Thank you.
Mr. Rajesh, I am here.
Do this. Take these papers
and make their copies.
Keep them on the table
of the judges
and check if there
are water bottles.
And all three of them drink
different type of water.
What?
Cool, warm and chilled. Okay?
Okay.
Have you come to take
a stroll on Worli Sea Face?
No. But I want to go there.
Tara, this was a taunt.
Is it? Why?
The production had given
you the dress.
Where's the volunteer's t-shirt?
Oh! That one.
Aunt washed it.
How could I have come
in a wet t-shirt?
Yes, it's my mistake.
I forgot to inform aunt
that there's uniform here.
But you should give us
an extra t-shirt.
Stop it.. I don't have time
to listen to your nonsense.
And where's your badge?
I don't have it. - What?
Stay here. - I am busy.
Tara, stop.
Excuse me, everyone.
Please dip your shoes in this
before you go on the stage.
This is cola.
So that you don't slip
on the stage. Okay?
Okay, ma'am.
- Okay, thank you.
'Tara.. All Aces..'
It's 'all access'.
What does it mean?
You can go anywhere
on the set
without any restriction.
Understood?
Does that mean
I can go anywhere?
Yes.
Do you have the phone numbers
of all the participants
and judges?
No.
You must have them.
- Then give them to me.
Here are the numbers of
all the participants and judges.
'From Tara, to Satara,
she is my biggest fan.'
'Bigger than anyone.'
'Wow! I like it!;
Dream girl. We don't have time.
Make it fast. - Okay.
I will save MK's number.
Where's Sister Radhika?
I need her phone.
I am actually beautiful.
Had I realised this before
I would've been
so famous in Lucknow.
And look at this mirror!
It's so big!
I must win
'Dancer Number One' now.
Whatever it takes.
By hook
or crook.
But I will make sure I win
'Dancer Number One'.
And then, I will set up a
bigger mirror than this
in Lucknow.
This is Radhika's phone.
And I am her sister.
Oh!
Did you see this?
'Tara Mane. All access
production assistant.'
Oh, wow!
Where is sister?
Did you see her?
No, I didn't.
But she was upset
after seeing her customer
of western dance.
I tried to console her.
But you know your sister.
Sister is so worried about
this Bollywood
and western mix dance.
She can't perform
anything other than 'Kathak'.
And how will she even do it?
'You have responsibility.'
'You can fulfil it only
if you work hard.'
In this grand opening episode
they want me to perform
the western dance.
'Dear, you are that star
who was hiding'
'behind the clouds so far.'
'Now, this one chance
has pushed all the clouds.'
'And then,
you will shine so much'
'that it will leave
everyone in splits.'
Now I must do something.
I have also got access
to everywhere now.
Now this is my responsibility.
The light is tense.
Check the converges.
And the camera
won't be static.
Sir.
Yes?
I had a special request.
Tell me.
I have a kind request.
Shoot. - What?
Tell me.
This performance..
Vimal, repeat please.
- I am telling you.
Don't disturb me.
Go, talk to your senior.
Yes, I am coming. - Sir..
'Production assistant..'
Yes..
All access, Tara..
'Where are you?
Rush to the makeup room.'
'Go to the room number ten.'
Yes. I am going.
Hello.
Greetings? - You
are from production, right?
How do you know?
You saw it from there?
You read it?
Yes, clear.
Tell me.
Will you do
something for me?
I was born for
great things. Tell me.
My mother is here
in the audience.
Can you make her sit
in a nice spot?
And a place where she can
see my act well.
I am a bit busy
right now
but if it is your mom
then I will do it.
Mothers are lovely.
Thank you.
Saira, why are you
not practicing?
I am.
Kathak is a new style
for you
and yet you shy away
from practice.
Please do not take it
lightly.
I am sorry.
I am on it.
Yes.
Anyone in Room 10?
I had to go in Room no. 10
for makeup.
I was on my way there
and I got lost.
Dear God! God focus
on me and help me focus.
Here.
Yes, okay.
Dear God!
This is greater
than the palace of Satara.
It is Mumbai.
Look here.
Shining lights!
What is that?
It is a camera,
grandma.
Is there something like that?
I never knew.
Sachin never
brought me here.
Brother-in-law?
Why will he bring you here?
He never took me.
He never took me
to his dance.
There was a show
in Satara that day.
He never took me there.
Mom, leave it be.
Leave it be.
We'll be on TV.
That camera will pan
and we all will be seen.
It is all because of Radhika.
Her hard work, dedication
and her luck.
It has brought her
and all of us.
Even Tara has a hand in it.
Had she not remembered
we would have seen
all this on TV.
But Mom..
- Tara is a manager here.
She must have
arranged all this.
Mother-in-law, Tara must be
looking after small details.
The manager must be
someone else.
She is right.
- Quiet.
You cannot see
Tara's hard work.
A dance show that is..
No.
We welcome you all
to the seventh season.
And even yours.
Please enter.
Final RO?
RO?
- R. O.
What next?
I have been given three
different versions.
Which one is final?
I have been asking Parag
but no one told me anything.
Where is the final RO?
Get me the final RO,
a.s.a.p.?
A.s.a.p.? What does that mean?
One more thing.
The AC is not working.
Can you see how much
I am sweating?
I will lose my makeup.
Do you know
what an RO is?
So get it.
Let us do it one by one.
RO or AC?
RO!
- Okay.
Now GO. Go.
Four days.
She will be gone in four days.
Get him here.
He is hurt. Careful.
So what? - Why
are you still standing here?
Radhika.
Radhika Mane.
Who is she?
She is about to dance.
You are the family
of contestant?
Yes.
You should have been here
early today.
We left three hours ago.
And we
went to the station
and there
was such a crowd.
Trains arrived and left.
We were there.
Come with me.
Yes,
- Let's go.
I am so sorry.
I will not laugh again.
I promise.
There is..
There is a girl here.
She..
is young.
Did you see her?